I 've told people who follow the blog as
import products
today I'm recording our first
videotape here of an important product
I'm going to create a category that
our blog of imported products arrived
my product here as you can see one
air directly from china china post
ralph lauren imported from express
it took an average of 40 days arrived today
I just got home, I'm still going
create a category our blog and all
the products that are carrying
only postulate again if the product is
It's good if I play again here.
Let's see together, I'll be leaving the
link for you here below the video of
the supplier of that product
so we'll be here I'll return
We are opening here of our shirt
order
the place a little more here and here it is
our ralph lauren t-shirt
note that it is closed the staff
It's all in ballad shirt in orange
so just remembering that below the video
that I 'm leaving Rio
this supplier to you who want to
order to buy
I was in the wet now on
T-shirt
this one is a size p fix it a lot
beautiful ralph lauren t-shirt size
p in orange there you will find
Various colors left are opening here
for you to see in lauren directly from
alex express
I did not notice that her stitching
stitching is very well done
but here it is not the same as the originals
huh
this one is not a well made replica only
remembering that in the express area
personal replica organization is so that
here the originals
the front part is larger than the part of
such that here is the same size
then in this question it is not equal to
original repair same size
but here the horse logo
you can see very well done okay
really enjoyed
but here is a little stitched
this part here but the horse logo
very well done, the buttons are also
that very well done
the tag
is missing a part of course there is
usually the originals
She's from the fifth is glittering wing is to get a
gap she has one more game
alone because a part is still missing is a
shirt with a very light cloth lid
folks
I recommend cloth here we have a number 3
is also very well kept
You can see the detail the shirt has
cool plan, I liked it, I recommend the cloth
if you want to buy this shirt here
below the video again I repeat
supplier link hope you guys
have enjoyed this video and even our
next video